it's something that would take a few
months to finish without saying too much
into it it will separate my cosplays
from the rest all right well we are at
the gift of the rift event by Swami oh
here at the BTS house I'm joined right
now by box box to talk a little bit
about how the event went which was maybe
not the best for you guys well coming
into it we did expect to go zero into AI
we did have a little bit of hope for a
miracle it didn't happen but otherwise
we're pretty satisfied we played good
enough very good well why do you guys
why do you think you lost I think they
were just better players overall hmm
yeah no I think they were just better
players overall I I think this kind of
event where we form teams very quickly
there's not enough time to like build
any team synergy so then it for the most
part is just like quickly how how it was
strong are the individual players and
the stronger team will probably win well
I I saw something interesting I think
somebody stole your Riven oh yeah yeah
so we were talking beforehand I was
asking that let's go all the teams like
are we try Harding or Bandung each
other's best champs
everyone's like nan I like all right
we're not gonna ban your guys the team
the team boy boy was like yeah we won't
ban ribbon we won't Bend lux
we're like okay we won't ban you guys
out then neither so we don't bet him out
and they first picked Lux and rivet and
we're like oh no I think I think it's
pretty funny I'm not matter of what boy
for doing it they didn't ban you out
yeah but they did pick your champion
yeah they took it away from us but I got
to play again so always rave and he's
kind of bad at it so this one okay good
it's good to know that you you did okay
what do you think of the event overall I
think it's a lot of fun I think the the
timing is unfortunate but otherwise I
think they did a great job I love this
place this is a BTS house yeah I will
watch all the smash summits I'm a big
fan of that it was super cool to like
play in the same room that all those
legends played in and and
even though you didn't do as well as
some of those legends it was still good
for you oh it was great I had a fun time
we our charity is for the animals and
there's a bunch of be emotes in the shop
and we would just keep spamming the BM
the be angry mo where it goes every time
something happened and we got our we got
to chat an audience to go to the swarm
iostream and like to spam to show
support this makes sense because I was
on the casting stream with Captain
flowers it was me and him and I'm
looking at twitch chat and we're trying
to get some sort we'll be like hey who
do you think is gonna win twitch chat
and people just spam bees and so it was
I was trying to understand why that was
happening and now I understand
mm-hmm yeah the I still don't know if a
bee is an animal but it's the closest
thing to like animals on the on the
emote list
we're gonna have some loud noise here in
a second as a beer the drinks are coming
in for the after-party we're not even
through the semi-finals but the drinks
already coming in you guys can go it's
fine I've alerted them that you're gonna
you're gonna be here it's gonna I'll
just talk loudly over it and I'll move
the microphone so it looks like this box
box what else is going on with you these
days I know you moved into the just
friend's house a while ago how's
everything going
oh it's been going great living with a
large group of streamers is really fun a
couple years ago I used to live with
Lily my team captain Lily uh and a
couple others Robert Exley Jimmy true if
you know them and there was no like
agenda it was just for streamers living
together and having a good time it was
fun we were plagued by a steadily like
declining drive to work and then
eventually our house but up I remember
all four of us got got pretty lazy when
you're like split ways and now that I
see lily and off-line and she's like
extremely motivated it's awesome and I
feel it too being in another house full
of streamers full of eight streamers in
our house I'm having a great time it's
that's a lot it's so much fun to be able
to just like have an idea and
immediately I have seven other people
who can help me execute it that is
really cool I like the others trimming
houses I wonder how many more we're
gonna pop up in the next couple years
because the other thing is like I
interviewed pokeyman awhile ago and she
was saying that it can get depressing
sometimes just streaming on your own it
does
very lonely between the old funhouse
that I lived in and this new just
friends house there was about a year and
a half that I lived alone and it gets uh
yeah it's like crippling li lonely there
is this I hope I don't I hope I don't
take too long there is this ongoing
issue that a lot of streamers face and
it's like kind of invisible no streamers
don't talk about it because it's just
not a good idea to talk about depressing
things on stream and interview is
totally fine it's the issue of the
massively growing opportunity cost i if
you if you work yourself to death and
stream and work eight sixteen hours a
day streaming or networking you're gonna
you're gonna burn out really fast but
then the harder you work the more you
build up your channel and the more you
lose when you're not streaming if you go
to most street most full-time streamers
they don't take vacations no streamer
like takes more than like four days off
the most I've ever taken off in a row in
my entire six years of streaming is five
days because it's too damaging to your
career to do it I wouldn't be I wouldn't
be able to see myself enjoying a
vacation knowing that I'm like losing
that many subs losing that much recency
whatever like like viewers won't come
back if I stay take too long off they'll
like forget about me so I can't take a
break and relax knowing that that will
happen if I take too long off and I'm
almost certain a lot of other streamers
feel the same way what about that I mean
that's a super big issue I know from
talking to Peter he often felt that way
whenever he'd go off to like not be
playing but streaming he talked about
how you know like if if he is doing
something else it feels like he's just
losing money or he's just damaging
himself or whatever it's like hard to
handle that what do you feel like the
team house has helped that team houses
as in like sorry the streamer houses Oh
streamer house do I feel like streamer
house helps at least then you're kind of
plugged into like a network of people
right like if you take a little bit of
time off I assume you know somebody else
in the house can kind of like help pick
up those views or whatever Oh
in their house we have talked about ways
that people who can take vacations
without it being too damaging and some
of it literally is
I know how a lot of my roommates dream
even though I'm mostly stream League and
a lot of my roommates do IRL we've
talked about this idea that we had that
we're gonna test out in the near future
where someone who wants to take a five
day vacation can go and a couple of us
can just stream on their channel because
we're right there we'll just go to the
computer and I I'm a funny guy sometimes
I can take over one of my roommates
streams for like three days and then I'm
sure they will do it for me
they go to my stream and play Riven as
bad as they are like I mostly don't play
League have a fun time for a couple days
I like that idea also I mean I assume
there's a chance that maybe you can do
IRL streaming on vacations right like if
you guys all go on vacation together you
can bring the backpacks along and like
maybe do that I have actually went to
Japan recently for two weeks and I
streamed about half of those days it's
fun but it definitely doesn't really
feel like a vacation because it is a lot
like instead of like enjoying everything
that's around you you're like hello chat
yes that is a thing over there that is a
thing over there it's it can be a little
difficult I do feel like a constant
pressure to like find something
interesting I uh I definitely won't in
Japan I definitely wanted to at times
just sit there and like enjoy the view
or whatever and relax well then I felt
like I couldn't while I was on camera
that's tough well other than that which
I'm sure you know it's obviously an
issue you're facing but how on the
day-to-day how are things going for you
you have any cool projects you're
working on or anything I just talked to
Lily Petrie she launched some merch I do
have a project uh it's in the very early
stages um have you heard about a wreck
fulls project he's making a game I think
right yeah he's like doing a very
large-scale Verte like game it's very
impressive I look I looked into it I'm
doing a much smaller scale version but
soon yeah of a game with employees not
that many um it's no reckful it's uh
about 20% as big as reckless project but
I'm very excited it's gonna be something
that I hope to be like the the first
streamer to like make their own project
and self advertise it I don't know if
I'm the first but I'll use my youtube
channel
ties it myself and like get my friends
to play it and it's a much smaller game
than rec close game so there's only like
on the scale like a few months to make
I'm so excited
hopefully much cheaper to make oh yeah
for sure
our team is about four four people have
you I'm sorry if I miss this
announcement have you guys denounced us
yet I I just talked about like how I'm
working on something on stream but until
we finish up I'm more than half of it
I'm not gonna talk about it I don't know
what it is yet it's a game though yeah
thing it's a project okay something that
people can interact with yeah some that
you can download there's a lot of things
you can download
I don't know and what you're making that
you can download but hopefully it's uh
hopefully something a little interactive
rather than some other things you can
download
are you have any cosplay stuff you're
working on cosplays everyone always asks
me about I apologize yeah every day on
twitch chat I'm like you guys are any
questions for me Wednesday next cosplay
it's it's very very interesting thing
the thing about it's something that you
can't do too often otherwise it's just
like weird I feel are you jealous at all
looking at sneaky I feel like he's
moving in on your space yeah he doesn't
really well I don't know if I could
compete with that
by it he does uh in general cosplays now
I'm gonna wait for like just the right
like ribbon skin or just the right
irelia skin something like that no you
don't want to do like an ash skin or
something any league champion why don't
you do like a gender bent like you're
not gender bending a girl champion to a
guy but to intubating a guy champion to
a girl but then you do the girl version
of that that cosplay if there was
someone to make one for me I would very
easily consider it most of what's
stopping me right now is getting a good
quality outfit so if somebody's out
there and they want to help you build a
cosplaying then they could like message
e or something uh-huh yeah actually if
anyone is interested let me know and
also I am working on something before my
next cosplay I there's not the other
thing you told us about it's something
that would take a few months to finish
without saying too much into it it will
separate my cosplays from the rest
I'm very very interested to hear what
that is it sounds but it's it's not a
cosplay no it's not a cosplay I could I
could tell you privately I could whisper
it into your ear right now yeah that's
fine well that's that is one way to
separate your cosplay from other
cosplays that is interesting I'm excited
to see how that turns out I couldn't I
could never do that I could never do
that
is there anything that you would want to
say it to any of your fans other than a
huge thank you yeah no that uh yeah no
just the big thank you guys you guys
show so much support there's always like
a few people just hanging out in my
trance being like when it like usually
streams around here like where is he hey
those people get me so excited I'm sure
other streamers do this too like there
are days where I don't I don't feel like
stream I don't feel up to par and I'm
like maybe I shouldn't stream I open my
twitch I see like 10 people talking just
like kind of excited for the next stream
and that like gets me really hyped there
are so many days I'd say one in three
and I'm sure all the streamers are kind
of like this one in three days I don't
actually want a stream I'm like not
excited to be on the camera but I have
to be and I have to do a bunch of mental
gymnastics like maybe in the shower
where I just like pump myself up and get
excited get hyped and a lot of what
helps me get through that is those like
just 5 to 10 people in the chat every
morning like waiting for me to stream
you guys get me so excited if you're one
of those people like thank you so much
really
well thank you so much box box for the
interview again this is at the formula
gift the rift event here in California
thank you so much for watching and check
out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel
behind me is a giant valley a giant
valley that i have behind me because i'm
at gift the rift which is being paid on
by swarmy oh shout out to them but back
to the valley this is a valley that one
day travis cafard industries could just
own could have all this but it requires
your help you guys sub to the youtube
channel you got to follow me on Twitch
you got to throw it to its prime sub in
there if you want you got to click the
links of the description
you got to show your supports that we
can grow Travis cafard industries so
they can own this entire Valley and then
start to exact the plans that I've been
making for quite some time I can't go
into those but all this could be Travis
Khafre industries with your support so
just go ahead and click the links below
and thanks so much